# 2779. Maximum Beauty of an Array After Applying Operation
You are given a 0-indexed array `nums` and a non-negative integer `k`.
In one operation, you can do the following:
 * Choose an index `i` that hasn't been chosen before from the range `[0, nums.length - 1]`.
 * Replace `nums[i]` with any integer from the range `[nums[i] - k, nums[i] + k]`.

The **Beauty** of the array is the length of the longest subsequence cosisting of equal elements.
Return *the maximum possible beauty of the array `nums` after applying the operation any number of times*.

Note that you can apply the operation to each index only once.
A subsequence of an array is a new array generated from the original array by deleting some elements (possibly none) without changing the order of the remaining elements.

## Sorting
For each element, the number is expanded as a range (interval) of possible values. For instance, for `[4,6,1,2]` and `k = 2`, each element would be expanded as an interval, which produces an array of intervals: `[[2,6], [4,8], [-1,3], [0,4]]`.

The maximum beauty that we're trying to find is thus the maximum number of overlapping intervals.

To find this maximum overlapping intervals, we first make an array of pairs `(start or end integer, whether it is start or end)`. Then we can sort this array, and then look through this array in order to find out the maximum overlapping.

For this, the most tricky thing is to implement a correct ordering. Let's say we use 1 to mark it as start of the range, and -1 for end of the range. The, the ordering of two arbitrary pairs would be like:
 1. If two integers are the same, then start point should come first.
 2. Otherwise, just compare two integers.

``` c++
int maximumBeauty(vector<int>& nums, int k) {
  vector<pair<int, int>> ranges;
  for (auto n: nums) {
    ranges.push_back({n-k, 1});
    ranges.push_back({n+k, -1});
  }

  struct {
    bool operator() (const pair<int, int>& a, const pair<int, int>& b) {
      return a.first == b.first ? a.second > b.second : a.first < b.first;
    }
  } ordering;

  sort(ranges.begin(), ranges.end(), ordering);

  int cur_overlap = 0, max_overlap = 0;
  for (auto r: ranges) {
    cur_overlap += r.second;
    max_overlap = cur_overlap > max_overlap ? cur_overlap : max_overlap;
  }
  return max_overlap;
}
```
